# Instructions

The weather station of wellington is going to replace its manual temperature recording system with a new digital one.
The new system will be able to record the data from a sensor.
Values generated by the sensor are in Celsius.
In the old system, they did manual calculations.
The calculations include everything from converting the temperature from Celsius to Fahrenheit to calculating the average temperature.
In the new system, they are suppose to be automated.

The wellington weather station wants you to help them with the new system.

## 1. Convert the temperature from Celsius to Kelvin

The weather station has a section on their website that is specified for researchers.
The researchers are interested in the temperature in Kelvin.

Kelvin is a unit of measurement for temperature.
It has the same scale as Celsius, but with a different starting point.
Its starting point is absolute zero, which is 0K (Kelvin) or -273.15°C (Celsius).

Here is a table showing the conversion between Celsius and Kelvin:

| Celsius | Kelvin |
| ------- | ------ |
| -273.15 | 0      |
| -100    | 173.15 |
| 0       | 273.15 |
| 100     | 373.15 |

The weather station wants you to implement a method that converts a temperature from Celsius to Kelvin.

Implement the `to_kelvin` method that takes an argument `celsius` and returns the temperature in Kelvin by adding 273.15 to the given `celsius` value.

```crystal
Temperature.to_kelvin(0)
# => 273.15
```

## 2. Round the temperature

The weather stations temperature sensor is very precise.
It can measure the temperature to the nearest 0.0001°C.
Although, the weather station only wants to display the temperature rounded to 1 decimal place.
Since most users are not interested in the temperature to that level of precision.

The weather station would thereby like you to implement a method that rounds the temperature to a whole number

Implement the `round` method that takes an argument `celsius` and returns the temperature rounded to a whole number.

```crystal
Temperature.round(10.1234)
# => 10.1
```

## 3. Convert the temperature from Celsius to Fahrenheit

The weather station has a section on their website that is specified for tourists.
The tourists are interested in the temperature in Fahrenheit.

Fahrenheit is a unit of measurement for temperature.
It has a different scale than Celsius.
To convert a temperature from Celsius to Fahrenheit, you multiply the celsius value by 1.8 and then add 32.

Here is a table showing the conversion between Celsius and Fahrenheit:

| Celsius | Fahrenheit |
| ------- | ---------- |
| -273.15 | -459.8     |
| -100    | 148        |
| 0       | 32         |
| 100     | 212        |

The weather station wants you to implement a method that converts a temperature from Celsius to Fahrenheit.

Implement the `to_fahrenheit` method that takes an argument `celsius` and returns the temperature in Fahrenheit as an integer by multiplying the given `celsius` value by 1.8 and adding 32 and then rounding the result.

```crystal
Temperature.to_fahrenheit(10)
# => 50
```

## 4. Get number of missing sensors

Under the installation of the temperature sensors, the maintenance works realized some sensors were missing.
To build a complete temperature measurement unit, so is 4 temperature sensors required. 
The maintenance team counted how many sensors they had.
They would like to get some help counting how many sensors they need to buy to have so all sensors are used in a temperature measurement unit.

Implement the `number_missing_sensors` method that takes an argument `number_of_sensors` and returns the amount of missing sensors.

```crystal
Temperature.number_missing_sensors(10)
# => 2
```
